Alright so we have
covered a lot about arrays, now it's time for some exercises.
Here's our first exercise. I want you to write a function called
arrayFromRange. This function should take two parameters
min and max and this is how we can use this function.
So when we run this program, we get an array, and in this
array we have numbers from 1 to 4, as you can see here. We can also
pass a negative number here let's say from -10 to
-4. So, we'll get an array like this.
So pause the video, spend 5 minutes on this exercise, and
when you're done, come back and continue watching.
Alright, so, I'm going to define a function
called arrayFromRange, with min and
max parameters. Here, first we should create an
empty array, so let's call that output,
and set it to an empty array. Now we need a for loop
to generate numbers between min and max. So,
for let i =
min. As long as i is less than or equal to max
we're going to increment i and then push this
i into our array. So output.push
i. And finally, we return
this output. Now let's test this. So, save the changes
with -10 and -4, these are the numbers we
get, if you pass a positive number like 1 to 4,
here's the output, if the maximum value that
you supply is less than the minimum, you get an empty array.